So we've created our first lesson and
we have tested it, let's get
into some of the more complicated question
types that you can ask in a swirl lesson.
And I want to start a new lesson,
so in order to do that,
I can close this lesson.yaml file, and
I want to create a lesson in
the course that I'm working on.
So just to remind myself of what course
I'm working on, I'm going to use
the get_current_lesson function, and
that just returns some data about what
lessons and what course swirl
knows it's working on right now.
So my course is called My First Course,
so let's start a new lesson.
We're going to call this lesson Lesson 2,
and
this is still in the My First Course,
course.
All right, so,
we've got a new lesson here.
I forgot to mention this before,
but this first question that gets
generated is called the meta question.
The student never sees it, but
you can just provide some information
inside of the meta question.
So I'm going to fill out these fields
of the author and the organization.
All right, so now, let's take a look at
some more complicated question types.
For example, if I wanted to write
a multiple choice question,
I could use wq_multiple, and
then coming over here to edit it,
I could ask any kind of
multiple choice question here.
So, a simple question like,
Which of these shapes has four sides?
And then, I can separate the different
answer choices with semi-colons.
So I'm going to say, Square;Circle.
The answer is Square, and
the answer test here is just
repeating what the correct answer is.
And then for the hint,
I can just write anything.
I'm going to give a very unhelpful hint.
All right, so I'm going to add this
lesson to the course manifest.
Then let's quickly run test_ lesson.
We've got no errors.
And now let's run demo_lesson.
Which of these shapes has four sides?
I have to pick 1, 2, or 3.
If I pick 2, I get the wrong answer.
So I'm going to answer square,
and that's the end of the lesson.
Now I'd like to write
a figure type question.
So I'm going to type into
the R console wq_figure.
And that will add a figure question
template to my lesson.yaml.
So the message that I'm going to
output to the user is just
going to say, This is a simple graph.
And then there are two more fields
that are part of this question,
the Figure and the FigureType.
So the Figure is an R script that I
will include in the lesson directory.
And whatever code is in that R
script will be executed in order
to show a figure to the student.
And then this FigureType
just specifies new to
show that this is going
to be a new figure.
In other words, we're not going to
be building at all on this figure.
So first, let me add this figure file.
I'm going to call this file fig1,
and now let's go over to the Finder.
Actually, let me open up a new R script,
in fact,
I have an entitled script right here.
And I'm just going to make
a very quick plot, and
then I'm going to save this in
My First Course > Lesson_2,
and we're calling it fig1.R,
perfect, okay.
So let's demo this lesson again.
So I have to pick square, and then, as
you can see, It draws a very simple plot.
Now let's say that I wanted to add
something to this plot after I drew it.
I can add another figure question,
so I'm going to say,
wq_figure to add another figure question
template, and
then I'm going to add a line.
So, what I'm going to show the user
is just the text, I added a line!
I'm going to write the code for
adding this line in a file called fig2.R.
And this FigureType is add,
instead of new.
Those are the only true choices
that there are for FigureType.
So let me then open up a new script,
and I'm just going to say abline,
(h = 5, col = "red").
We'll save that as fig2.R.
All right, so
let me demo the lesson one more time.
Circle, square,
here's a drawing of the graph.
And then, it draws the line.